--------------------------------------------------------
Attachment AA: Status report for the Apache UIMA Project

Apache UIMA's mission: the creation and maintenance of open-source
software related to the analysis of unstructured data, guided by the
UIMA Oasis Standard.

Moving to TLP
-------------
Apache UIMA graduated from the incubator last month; this is its first
report to the Board.  The top level project infrastructure was set up on
April 9th, and SVN was moved on April 13.  Our web-site has been moved
to the TLP position.  Nexus support is now initialized, and we are
working to update our build process to follow more conventional Apache /
Maven ways, including inheriting from the Apache common POM.

We have more work to do to complete the move to a TLP, including
removing the incubation notices and making a first release as a TLP.

Releases
--------
none yet (as a TLP)

2010-1-26 2.3.0 (Incubator - last release) release of Java SDK, Annotator 
                add-on package, UIMA-AS (Async scaleout), and UIMA-CPP 
                (C++ enablement)

Development
-----------
It was relatively quiet during the first part of the month, as we were 
awaiting our move from the incubator to become a TLP.  Subsequently, 
there has been lots of activity to complete TLP migration, and 
realign our maven build process to use NEXUS and the standard Apache 
parent POM.

The AlchemyAPI Annotator component in the sandbox is making significant 
progress.

An ongoing effort to make individual annotators available as OSGi
bundles is underway; we are trying to do things the same way that
Apache Felix-Commons does this.  There are some questions remaining
to figure out about this approach though, which are being discussed
on the development list.

A significant number of issues remain in Jira, postponed from the
last release.  There has been some progress on these, and 
a few new ones have been raised.

Community
---------
No changes

Issues
------
No Board level issues at this time
