Status report for the Apache UIMA Project

Apache UIMA's mission: the creation and maintenance of open-source
software related to the analysis of unstructured data, guided by the
UIMA Oasis Standard.

Releases:

2010-Dec-10 Apache UIMA Java SDK version 2.3.1 released (just now!). 
  This is the first release of the base UIMA infrastructure,
  done as a top level project.  Some loose ends remain in getting
  our website updated and in sync with this release, and the
  announcement will be sent when that is complete.

  We will be working on releasing the other 3 major components
  (UIMA-AS, UIMA-CPP, and the Add-ons package).
 
2010-1-26 2.3.0 (Incubator - last release) release of Java SDK, Annotator
                add-on package, UIMA-AS (Async scaleout), and UIMA-CPP
                (C++ enablement)

Development:

One-time setups needed to build UIMA have been simplified considerably,
as we continue to move closer toward the conventional Maven way
of doing things.

Jira issues continue to come in and get worked on at a moderate rate,
including several in the UIMA-AS (Asynchronous Scaleout) area related
to various error recovery scenarios.

The CAS Editor had many user-requested improvements,
which made it into this release.

Community:
 
No changes, however, several new projects that incorporate
UIMA have entered the incubator, including OpenNLP and Stanbol.

A patch to enrich documents indexed in Solr with UIMA pipelines has been
provided (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SOLR-2129),
and a new component to consume UIMA annotations inside a
Solr instance has been proposed for inclusion in the sandbox.

Stanbol is planning to use UIMA inside two of its modules: FISE for semantic
content enrichment (http://wiki.iks-project.eu/index.php/FISE)
and Rick an infrastructure to handle content and
knowledge (http://wiki.iks-project.eu/index.php/RICK)

Issues: No Board level issues at this time

Trademarks/Branding: We've entered a Jira issue for this
but haven't yet done any work on this.
