Board report for Apache UIMA, for September 2011.

Apache UIMA's mission: the creation and maintenance of open-source
software related to the analysis of unstructured data, guided by the
UIMA Oasis Standard.

Releases:
Since last report, the Addons package for UIMA was released
(http://uima.apache.org/news.html#29 August 2011).  The addons package 
contains 2 new annotators: 
  Solrcas (for storing CAS objects into an Apache Solr instance), and 
  AlchemyAPIAnnotator (wraps alchemyapi.com services).

Development:
A new contributor, Peter Klügl contributed a UIMA tool to the sandbox,
called TextMarker. 

Nicolas Hernandez has set up a French language portal to all things UIMA, and
contributed a French language models for the Hidden Markov Model (HMM)
Tagger annotator, and generally improved that annotator.
The French language models are awaiting getting some additional permissions 
before they are put into SVN. 

Some attempts to package UIMA Annotators as OSGi bundles led to renewed
investigations toward this, and some progress was made in identifying
approaches and tools, including Maven integration / support.

There continue to be lots of incremental Cas Editor fixes, mostly driven
by user feedback and the development of a new Cas Editor based plugins
at the Apache Incubator OpenNLP project.

UIMA-AS had a few bug fixes, and some new features, including exposing
per-component statistics (for tuning) from UIMA aggregates for each CAS.

Community:
No changes.
 
Issues: No Board level issues at this time

Trademarks/Branding: 
  Previous work to add TM started (at some point in time) to fail to display.
  With infra's help, traced this to the fact that Apache Web sites
  are now being forced to display using UTF-8.  We adjusted our build to 
  accomodate this change.

 Branding checklist:
   no change from previous report:
  Project Website Basics - done
  Website Navigation Links - done
  Trademark Attributions - done
  Logos and Graphics - not done
  Project Metadata - done
  Read PMC Branding Responsibilities - partially done.  Need to get confirmation
    that all PMC members have read this.
  
  