Board report for Apache UIMA, for June 2015.

Apache UIMA's mission: the creation and maintenance of open-source
software related to the analysis of unstructured data, guided by the
UIMA Oasis Standard.

Dates: 
08 Jun 2015  (new)        last release  
12 Mar 2013  (no change)  last PMC addition
24 Dec 2013  (no change)  last Committer addition
          
Releases:
  UIMA Ruta 2.3.0 released, with better integration with Maven,
  extensions and simplification of the rules language,
  improvements to analysis engines including the HtmlConverter,
  and many bug fixes. http://uima.apache.org/news.html#08 June 2015
    
Other Activity:

A major potential contribution was posted to our Jira, which reimplements
much of the "innards" of UIMA core using more standard Java constructions,
in an attempt to support better concurrancy on processors with large
numbers (e.g. 64) of cores.  This work is a proof-of-concept, and is
being evaluated.  The community has asked the donor to submit a
software grant so we can take this through IP clearance and put it into our
SVN for further study and evaluation.

This has prompted some new wiki pages documenting various ideas, tradeoffs,
and diagrams explaining some of the more subtle points about UIMA innards.
These are on our confluence wiki.  As a side note, a big thank you to
infra for the upgrades to the wiki, in support of nice diagramming tooling!

3 people including 2 PMC members gave UIMA-related talks at Apachecon 2015
in Austin. We heard from one person that they attended ApacheCon just to be
able to meet with the UIMA team.  One person subsequently has started
contributing to the project. 

Based on an ApacheCon talk which suggested talking with your community
where they like to talk, more people have started responding to UIMA
questions on StackOverflow, a popular website for these kinds of questions.

We have agreed to participate in the documentary video about the ASF;
a video call is planned for later this month.

Besides UIMA Ruta (which had a release), UIMA DUCC is progressing toward
a next release, and core UIMA development continues to be quite active.

Community:

The community continues to be moderately active.  A new person has started
committing improvements to one of the core UIMA tools.
 
Issues:
No Board level issues at this time.