Board report for Apache UIMA, for March 2016.

Apache UIMA's mission: the creation and maintenance of open-source
software related to the analysis of unstructured data, guided by the
UIMA Oasis Standard.

Dates: 
15 Feb 2016  (new)        last release - Apache UIMA RUTA 2.4.0 
                                        (Rules Text Language and workbench) 
12 Mar 2013  (no change)  last PMC addition
24 Jul 2015  (no change)  last Committer addition
          
Releases:
  15 Feb 2016 Apache UIMA RUTA 2.4.0 - this was a large-ish collection of new 
              features and bug fixes
              
Other Activity:

The experimental UIMA Version 3 core has advanced to having all but 3 of the 
core test cases running. Next phase will involve compatibility testing and
building bridges from the current to the new version, a potentially non-trivial
task.

UIMA Ruta (Rules Text Language and workbench) and DUCC continue to be very active.
Work is also underway to do a release of UIMA-AS to upgrade several of the
components within it.  One component, ActiveMQ, was identified as having security
issues, and the upgrade will resolve those.  

We began work with Mark Thomas (of Apache) on two initiatives - code signing, and
looking at the results of the SRC CLR scanning for code vulnerabilities - this
is currently ongoing work.

A Committer and PMC member, Richard Eckart de Castilho, gave an Apache UIMA
lightning talk at the Apache Software Foundation Roadshow event in 
Karlsruhe, Germany.  http://jug-karlsruhe.de/content/apache-software-foundation/

We managed with help from various sources within Apache to guess the owner of
the Twitter account named Apache UIMA, and also managed to reclaim that account;
this was done without invoking trademark infringement claims.
it is now under control of Apache UIMA PMC members, and will be used to 
tweet Apache UIMA significant events.

Community:

The community continues to be moderately active.
 
Issues:
No Board level issues at this time.